@comment -*-texinfo-*-
@node CGI classes, HTTP header classes, Library overview, Top
@unnumbered CGI classes

CGI classes are used to query and manipulate CGI data passed from the
HTTP server.

@deftp Class Cgicc
@code{Cgicc} is the main class of the cgicc library.  It is used to
retrieve information on specific HTML form elements (such as checkboxes,
radio buttons, and text fields), on uploaded files, and to save,
restore, and retrieve information on the CGI environment.

@xref{class Cgicc}, for API details.
@end deftp

@deftp Class CgiEnvironment
@code{CgiEnvironment} encapsulates the data passed from the HTTP server
to the CGI application.  This includes all environment variables set by
the HTTP server specified in the CGI standard.

@xref{class CgiEnvironment}, for API details.
@end deftp

@deftp Class FormEntry
@code{FormEntry} is an immutable class representing a single user entry
in an HTML form element such as a text field, a radio button, or a
checkbox.  A @code{FormEntry} is essentially a name/value pair, where
the name is the name of the form element as specified in the HTML form
itself, and the value is user-entered or user-selected
value. @code{FormEntry} provides methods allowing access to the value as
a string, integer, or double.

@xref{class FormEntry}, for API details.
@end deftp

@deftp Class FormFile
@code{FormFile} is an immutable class representing a file uploaded via
the HTTP file upload mechanism.  A @code{FormFile} is very similar to a
@code{FormEntry}, but does not provide the numerous methods for
accessing the value as different types.

@xref{class FormFile}, for API details.
@end deftp

