@comment -*-texinfo-*-
@node Overview of CGI, A tutorial example, Top, Top
@unnumbered Overview of the Common Gateway Interface

@unnumberedsec What is the Common Gateway Interface?

@cindex Common Gateway Interface
@cindex CGI
The Common Gateway Interface (CGI) is a standard for external gateway
programs to interface with information servers, such as HTTP
servers@footnote{The official specification for the Common Gateway
Interface may be found at
@url{http://hoohoo.ncsa.uiuc.edu/cgi/interface.html}.}.

@cindex CGI script
@cindex CGI application
@unnumberedsec CGI scripts or CGI applications?

Historically, many CGI applications were written in scripting languages
such as Perl.  Not surprisingly, CGI code called by the HTTP server was
referred to as a CGI @dfn{script}.  As the popularity of the web grew
and the need for dynamic content increased, CGI applications written in
languages other than Perl became more and more popular.  These
applications were referred to simply as @dfn{scripts}. Although the term
@dfn{script} does not make intuitive sense for a compiled program, the
term has stuck. In this manual, the terms @dfn{script} and
@dfn{application} are used interchangeably.

@unnumberedsec CGI processing

When an HTTP server receives a request for a CGI script, the
server communicates to the script the details of the request.  The
HTTP server and a CGI script communicate in four major ways: 

@enumerate
@item
Environment variables@*
The HTTP server uses environment variables to pass information
about the request to the CGI script.  Depending on the type of
request, the environment variables may or may not contain all the
information required by the script to function properly.

@item
The command line@*
The command line is only used for @samp{ISINDEX} queries.  Generally,
ISINDEX queries should not be used; since the command line is used
directly, they present many potential security risks.

@item
Standard input@*
For HTTP @samp{POST} or @samp{PUT} queries, the HTTP server communicates
information to the CGI script via standard input.  The amount of
information written to standard input is stored in the
@var{CONTENT_LENGTH} environment variable.

@item
Standard output@*
A script returns its output on standard output.  The output can be a
document generated by the script, or instructions to the server for
retrieving the desired output.
@end enumerate
