@comment -*-texinfo-*-
@node HTTP header classes, HTML generation classes, CGI classes, Top
@unnumbered HTTP header classes

HTTP headers are used to indicate to the client information on the data
being returned as a result of the CGI request.  For example, standard
HTTP headers indicate the type, size, and modification date of the
transmitted data.

@deftp Class HTTPCookie
An @code{HTTPCookie} is a name/value pair used to store a piece of
information about the caller using the caller's own machine.  Cookies
are often used as a means to identify users.
@end deftp

@deftp Class HTTPHeader
@code{HTTPHeader} is the base class for all HTTP headers.  It is rarely
used directly; instead, use one of the provided subclasses.
@end deftp

@deftp Class HTTPContentHeader
@code{HTTPContentHeader} is a subclass of @code{HTTPHeader} used to
indicate the type of data returned to the client by the CGI application.
@end deftp

@deftp Class HTTPRedirectHeader
@code{HTTPRedirectHeader} is a subclass of @code{HTTPHeader} used to
redirect the client to a different URL.
@end deftp

@deftp Class HTTPStatusHeader
@code{HTTPStatusHeader} is a subclass of @code{HTTPHeader} used to
return a 3-digit HTTP status code and the associated message.
@end deftp

@deftp Class HTTPNPHeader
@code{HTTPNPHeader} is a subclass of @code{HTTPHeader} used to indicate
to the HTTP server that it should not parse the data returned by the CGI
application.  Normally, the HTTP server parses the data returned by the
CGI application and fills in certain headers, such as the data size.
@end deftp

@deftp Class HTTPHTMLHeader
@code{HTTPHTMLHeader} is a subclass of @code{HTTPContentHeader} used for
data of MIME type @samp{text/html}.
@end deftp

@deftp Class HTTPPlainHeader
@code{HTTPPlainHeader} is a subclass of @code{HTTPContentHeader} used
for data of MIME type @samp{text/plain}.
@end deftp

@deftp Class HTTPGIFHeader
@code{HTTPGIFHeader} is a subclass of @code{HTTPContentHeader} used for
data of MIME type @samp{image/gif}.
@end deftp

@deftp Class HTTPJPEGHeader
@code{HTTPJPEGHeader} is a subclass of @code{HTTPContentHeader} used for
data of MIME type @samp{image/jpeg}.
@end deftp

@deftp Class HTTPXBMHeader
@code{HTTPXBMHeader} is a subclass of @code{HTTPContentHeader} used for
data of MIME type @samp{image/x-xbitmap}.
@end deftp

@deftp Class HTTPAudioHeader
@code{HTTPAudioHeader} is a subclass of @code{HTTPContentHeader} used
for data of MIME type @samp{audio/basic}.
@end deftp

