@comment -*-texinfo-*-
@node Library overview, CGI classes, A tutorial example, Top
@unnumbered Library overview

The GNU Cgicc library contains classes divided into two broad groups:

@cindex CGI classes

@itemize @bullet

@item
@dfn{CGI classes} used to query and manipulate CGI data, including
information on the HTTP server, the current request, and the submitted
form data. 

@xref{CGI classes}, for details.
@cindex Response generation

@item
@dfn{Response generation classes} used to generate responses to a CGI
query. Generally, the response will consist of one or more HTTP headers
followed by HTML text, but the CGI application may return data of any
type. The response generation classes are subdivided into two groups:  

@cindex HTTP header classes
@itemize @minus
@item
@dfn{HTTP header classes} used to indicate to the client information on
the data being returned as a result of the CGI request.  For example,
standard HTTP headers indicate the type, size, and modification date of
the transmitted data. 

@xref{HTTP header classes}, for details.
@cindex HTML generation classes
@item
@dfn{HTML generation classes} used to generate an HTML response
following any HTTP headers.  To be compliant with the HTML 4.0 standard,
the response must consist of three parts@footnote{For a complete
description see the HTML 4.0 specification at
@*@url{http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/}}: 

@enumerate
@item A line containing the HTML version information.

@item A declarative header section (delimited by the @samp{HEAD}
element).

@item A body, which contains the document's actual content.  The body
may be implemented by the @samp{BODY} element or the @samp{FRAMESET}
element.

@end enumerate
@xref{HTML generation classes}, for details.

@end itemize

@end itemize
